See the
Merchant see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What a crummy day. What is going on, my dear.
Lyndsey Lorett: Listen.
Lyndsey Lorett: I just don't even know how to explain what's going on.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's like such a deep story.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I'm so we you know we lost my fiance. About a year ago and I feel like
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't smoke pot a lot. I have my medical card. Um, I don't like to do it. I only like to do it at night when I can go right to sleep and not have to be around anyone but when I'm in really bad pain once in like a great while I will do it during the day. Right.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I feel like every time I do it during the day. My in laws.
Lyndsey Lorett: My in laws, put on the same video home video every time and make me think that we haven't watched it before when we have and I know this sounds crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you're not crazy. Just tell me.
Lyndsey Lorett: They make the same dinner every time.
Lyndsey Lorett: They see the same things every time. And I feel like I can't say anything because every time I do they say no, no, no, we haven't or I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: Just make me feel like I am crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so listen
Gwenevere Abriel: That's their message to you is, it is the message.
Gwenevere Abriel: I you shouldn't be smoking weed. No.
Lyndsey Lorett: Son, does my brother in law does it every day all day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but is that their message to you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Know, because they tell me to do it like go pressure me to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what meaning. So, so I'm off.
Gwenevere Abriel: What meaning, does it have to you that it is the same movie it's same food and it's the same content what meaning. Let's just see what it is because it's really upsetting.
Lyndsey Lorett: Did it
Gwenevere Abriel: What meaning. Does it have
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know what I know they think my memory isn't the best. Oh, and I might be stuck in some type of type of trauma survival think OK, OK, OK, OK, gotcha. Because of this whole last year.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay. Ah, OK.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I'm always control. I'm always aware of when I'm feeling. I didn't tell you what I'm feeling and this is not normal for me. And I feel like we're reliving it like every so many days and that they're purposely messing with me.
Lyndsey Lorett: I know they want all of her. I know they want my son because it's the last thing may have a clint. I know that, but I have to believe there's some good in there and that they do care about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're feeling like you're going a little crazy.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something. Now I gotta tell you something. Lindsay
Gwenevere Abriel: I tend to believe you. So you're seeing something happen and just now, you touched on a really important piece and you haven't shared it with me before. And that is, I know they want to keep my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, is that about it's
Lyndsey Lorett: Just all part of this last year.
Lyndsey Lorett: You know you if you live with your in laws, who should live with your spouse there, too. I just don't think you're supposed to be with your in laws without your spouse.
Lyndsey Lorett: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What might. So what's the fear, right, notice you have a you have a strong belief about something, if I'm living with my in laws. I shouldn't be, because I don't have my spouse. I'm with my in laws.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there you are, you're living your wisdom and you don't have your spouse. What do you think will happen if you keep living there.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know. I know that it's not healthy for any of us okay but nobody talks about anything.
Lyndsey Lorett: They argue, but not in front of me, they do it in private.
Lyndsey Lorett: I know stuff is going on, but nobody tells me
Lyndsey Lorett: And they want to know everything that I'm doing. But I don't get the same Curtis courtesy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all you know what, now all I can think about is that pink elephant stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you know what I mean. Now I want to know what stuff. You think they're talking about is it is the stuff they're going to try and get custody of my son.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm deep down I think so, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so listen here, missy. You're the mommy that
So,
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm broke. I can't care for him on my own.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me here. Let me hear what you mean by that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't get up.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I know I get up.
Lyndsey Lorett: I get
Gwenevere Abriel: There, you don't prepare any food. Correct.
Lyndsey Lorett: No I prepare food I buy the food and prepare the food. Um, I can't bend over to give him a bath at night. I can't put him in his crib after I've gotten him to sleep.
Lyndsey Lorett: Just a lot of the heavy lifting. I can't do. And, well, I know that I've given over control willingly to them because I felt like I had no choice.
Lyndsey Lorett: And now I'd like to fight to get some of that back. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's step back from it for a second. Let's try a different angle.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all of a sudden, as soon as you said. So notice how I
Gwenevere Abriel: I said some things and you immediately said not true I buy the food prepare the food I get up so so let's talk about workman's comp for a second. Let's come at it from a
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes we hurt our bodies and we go to a workmen comp doctor. This is an analogy. By the way, I know, I know I'm off topic, but
Gwenevere Abriel: This will bring some perspective, we go to our Workman's Comp and we say, this happened on the job and I literally like a camp will go with lifting
Gwenevere Abriel: The doctor writes, he does these tests and he says you know what you need to stay home. You need to heal. You're not going to lose your job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to heal. You're going to use some of your, your FM la benefits. Make sure you apply for that and then
Gwenevere Abriel: When you come back, come back, I need to be meeting with you every two weeks, and I'll check if you're healing if you're following the treatment plan if you're doing the research on the physical therapy. Okay, great. You seem to be looking at you, you've improved 80%
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're running out of benefits. And honestly, I've talked with your youth your GM and they said that you can actually do some clerical work and you don't have to do any lifting
Gwenevere Abriel: And so the workman's comp rights can't lift more than five pounds and will be able to sit more than two hours a day and needs to be stretching and walking dead today. So there's this real itemize thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The employers not going to fire this employee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So you're in a similar situation. Your doctor has probably said and written don't bend over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So why do you think that a family's going to take your children away when the only limitation in writing by a medical professional
Gwenevere Abriel: So it doesn't matter what nonsense. Someone says, and we'll talk about what it feels like to live with the person that you think they're conspiring against you will get into that, but just, let's just the logic for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have it in writing that the limitations. The physical limitations are bending over
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. And so you already told me cook clean care for and frankly, if you absolutely had to right it's just to put we can figure out a way to even if you had to bait that child.
Lyndsey Lorett: I try to the other night, and like, take it away from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's different, that's over here we're going to get into their behavior in two seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I were gossiping. Right now we're talking. We're just they're not even in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had to bathe that child.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you do if you needed a tiny little body planes. How would you get it done.
Lyndsey Lorett: I would bake them. I would put him I would bend over in the bath and give him a bath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or what else could you do if you couldn't bend over this. Think about sleep or be creative here. Could we get the water somewhere else.
Lyndsey Lorett: Could we do it in this sink sink.
Hello.
Lyndsey Lorett: Hello, saying, hey, right there. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we've got bathing through we've got wet.
Gwenevere Abriel: wet towels. We've got bathing, don't they do that in a hospital.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lunch bath.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, they do a sponge bath. Yes, they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just on that one thing that child is taken care of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now are you has that that level of anxiety come down even 1%
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay right now let's let's talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: All the neat things that you did you remembered that you have me as a resource and I'm really proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad I had the time I had some little thing right at the end. And I'm sorry I was late.
It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want you to talk a little bit about the culture of this home.
Gwenevere Abriel: How it is that you have a suspicion that this family may want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Take them away. Tell me about your suspicions.
Lyndsey Lorett: I, I feel like
Lyndsey Lorett: They just are really attached to all of her and the idea of even me moving out and doing things on my own is like not allowed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're showing more capability and they keep removing the option for you to do the mommy thing.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, but it's not worth the fight my brother in law has OCD, his mother. The, the grandma's very controlling. I mean there's just certain factors in the situation.
Lyndsey Lorett: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if now OCD, fine. We got some compulsive behavior and now we've got controlling behavior. So, grandma gets to be controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone gets to be obsessive compulsive and it has nothing to do with all of her there's something else going on. What is this that stuff existed before all of her was here.
Lyndsey Lorett: It did. That's why I'm wondering, like, if the function
Gwenevere Abriel: They were doing it to each other. It was probably just
Lyndsey Lorett: Nuts. How it. How did they do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but those are different than they miss their son Oliver's the last of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is though, right, he's right so now around that. That's really getting into it.
Lyndsey Lorett: That was controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: Obsessive Compulsive Behavior that that's probably been there pre existing. So now let's get into. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about the thing you started with.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like they're trying to make you crazy with the whole playing the movie. Every time you smoke weed what
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know. That's the theme that's what I'd like I am so drained right now. I've put every ounce of energy into figuring this out.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know what why someone would do this to another person.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the doing is I'm assuming you're talking about playing the same movie having the same conversation.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well you, it sounds like you've tried on one hypothesis, which is. It's to make you crazy to feel crazy. Is that what you're thinking.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me let me understand that a little bit more because plenty of people do that kind of thing. It's called gaslighting and plenty of people do it. So let me just see how it a little bit more detail. What's the movie they keep playing.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's a home video of them on a trip.
Lyndsey Lorett: Through Illinois
Lyndsey Lorett: And
Lyndsey Lorett: They have a lot of fun and they learned a lot of neat things. And each time that I watch it. I'm trying to
Lyndsey Lorett: Pay attention to everything that's going on what they're saying about each
Lyndsey Lorett: Thing that comes up on the video like
Lyndsey Lorett: They say the same exact things at the same exact time
Gwenevere Abriel: What are they saying this is so interesting. What are they saying
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not ready for
Gwenevere Abriel: All that if this might be how they're communicating to you. I really am curious to know, what is it, what are they saying at the same time.
Lyndsey Lorett: They say the same like what they're doing. They're explaining what they're doing. They're explaining what the boys are doing they're
Lyndsey Lorett: Just they laugh at the same parts they cry at the same parts.
Lyndsey Lorett: And what I what I'm tripping out about is that like I can tell you last week at this time. This is what I was doing. But with this situation. It's like I'm blocked somewhere and blocked from remembering when we did this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Let me see. So let me see if I'm getting this right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's Monday, and here I am. I have a lot of pain and in the middle of the day I needed to take some some marijuana
Lyndsey Lorett: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: The videos on
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And does it have
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your husband in it as a little
Lyndsey Lorett: Boy, as a little boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the people in the room, his parents in real time, not in the video.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, in real time, are laughing
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're crying at the same time as they're watching the video.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're preparing the same lasagna on a Monday, same as just saying as the video or just always on that same day that you smoked marijuana and they turn the video on
Lyndsey Lorett: It's always meatloaf. And it's always, there's always something wrong with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what
Lyndsey Lorett: I believe yesterday had beat freezer burn and Lori wouldn't eat it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Lori wouldn't need it does
Gwenevere Abriel: Does the family get to argue a little bit around the meat, love, do they get to have a little argument about the freezer burn no arguing
Now,
Lyndsey Lorett: What
Statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the same. It's not freezer burn, but maybe it's dry. It's greasy doesn't have enough. There's always somebody, but it but does the person that makes the complaint is it always Lori, or does it
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know how to tell myself that I'm not going crazy.
Lyndsey Lorett: Like this, so unhealthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's rewind rewind this one RIP. RIP. RIP ever
Gwenevere Abriel: The pains. There are you feeling crazy with the pain.
Lyndsey Lorett: That physical pain. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then how about after
Gwenevere Abriel: You smoked marijuana read edibles, or however you ingesting the THC.
Lyndsey Lorett: I can't, I can't, I have no pain and that's okay. It's like a plus, but a con. Like, can. They're not be something out there that takes away the pain. Yeah, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were feeling crazy and there was pain. Was it today.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, it was yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I so it's it's it happens on Sunday. So that's, that's what's going on. It does it always happen on Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: I believe so, yes. The thing is, is that
Lyndsey Lorett: Are you gonna so think I'm crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think so. I don't
Lyndsey Lorett: I tried to document things in my phone and it'll, it'll just be deleted like
Lyndsey Lorett: Just completely gone. Not there. I've had come parts of conversations deleted just, I don't know. Okay, okay.
You're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're trying to document.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're gathering evidence for what's culmination what what will be the finale that you're caught you're gathering the conversations and pictures of things. What were you kind of hoping to do with it eventually
Lyndsey Lorett: I would just like to know that they're knowingly doing this.
Lyndsey Lorett: To me for a reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we would see meatloaf again and you would hear always Lori making a complaint about the meatloaf. Right.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we would hear laughter Right at the same point in the video right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, make and they would make the same kind of comments they would cry and they would make the same comments and they say it at the same time.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, but why can't I remember this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't remember you're telling me now. So it sounds to me like you're remembering it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I even remembering it happening.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I can't tell you the last time that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: You told me this happened on Sunday.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. But as I'm reliving it today. I can't tell you when the last time this happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. Okay, so you can't confront them. You can't say, Oh my gosh, this is like deja vu, um, y'all. Did we just do this last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Can't do it. You are now let me understand what is the emotion that you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: When deja vu right when all of this is being done like all at the same time. What's the emotion.
Lyndsey Lorett: I just like I'm hurt, who would go to these types of links to like if they're concerned about me, why not help me or you know help fix the problem. Why are they making it worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who who's the worst person that is seems like they're really making it worse.
Lyndsey Lorett: All of them. They would all have to know. We're gonna do this to Wednesday at this time on this day and CPC.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I know that sounds crazy.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I don't know what the solution is. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I think we're I think we're getting there. We got we've got we came in really feeling flooded. We got some some perspective on
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, a judge, right, we got some perspective right there. Now we're trying to get get a an angle at
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: How that pattern is happening, how often is happening. And you also mentioned something I'm blocked on remembering
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're adding a chemical so you're adding marijuana each time you're doing this.
Right.
Your
Gwenevere Abriel: husband is in the video.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and is it close to the same age as your How old is your, your little boy.
Lyndsey Lorett: He's 15 months and in this video clip is 11 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So cleanse 11 and 15 months. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're having trouble remembering and
Gwenevere Abriel: You mentioned the word I feel blocked that it's trauma related there's something going on right
Gwenevere Abriel: You have marijuana and you have you're seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Your now deceased husband.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever tried to walk out of the room. Do you know if you don't remember, that's fine. Just
Lyndsey Lorett: Like, you know, I try to walk out and they will pause it and, like, make sure I'm coming back.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because when I talked to my mom. My mom said why don't you just walk away and I try to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you do walk away. They now they're every family has its own culture. So I want to just check on something.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I were
Gwenevere Abriel: LIKE CLINT smother right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What question. Would you ask me if you knew I could say nothing mean I could say nothing that would make you feel crazy
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but right, you could say you could ask me anything you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not a, why not a why question ask an informed question really zero in on what you want to know.
Why
Lyndsey Lorett: Is the why that's bugging me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we do it that way. Why don't you tell me instead of a question, why don't you tell me what's funny.
Lyndsey Lorett: That it's bugging me that
Lyndsey Lorett: I mean, I know I'm an outsider into this family.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I don't know how things went on before I wasn't there before I was there.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I don't really have anything to base it off of the
Lyndsey Lorett: Lindsay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is even in your magical fantasy that I just set up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't give yourself permission to do it even in here you know you did that, even in fantasy. You don't give yourself permission. You went to
Gwenevere Abriel: It's bugging me and you didn't say why you made excuses, you made excuses. Well, I know I'm an outsider and maybe this is how it always was, it's just me. It's one of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm not gonna say anything nasty. I won't say anything that makes you feel crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanna, I actually want to hear about what I'm doing, that's bugging you
Gwenevere Abriel: I actually want to know, see if you can
Lyndsey Lorett: Worry what Lori is doing to bug me
Gwenevere Abriel: Go for it. Tell me.
Lyndsey Lorett: I feel like you Lori are very passive when you are trying to tell me to do something, you will see it through the cat or through all over, but with Drew you'll come right out and say it. You need to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: With drew i'm i'm direct with
Lyndsey Lorett: Barry, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So with the cat I do this. Oh, wouldn't it be great if we just all this some happy together without have Lindsay be such a happy house. I'll talk to you on that.
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah yeah
Lyndsey Lorett: And I don't like confrontation I oh
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you don't. I can tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I guess, I guess who's banking on that.
Lyndsey Lorett: They are
That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm glad I met you, because I got some
Gwenevere Abriel: Confidence around this concept of how to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: perspective on what confrontation is
Gwenevere Abriel: And a lot of my clients have people in their lives. Know that might not be what your, your in laws are but a lot of them are
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm labeling for now because I don't know much about them gaslighting
They didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: They weren't always like this.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. That's okay.
That's okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's happening now and you're feeling a choice. Do I go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not. And that's what gaslighting intends to do. Now, maybe they haven't been that way. That's fine. I accept that. But it's happening. You're feeling crazy passive aggressive behavior. Someone denying your reality is how we make people feel crazy by saying it didn't happen and you
Lyndsey Lorett: Never do that to someone, though like I could not imagine doing that so
Gwenevere Abriel: I treat people every day all day with the families that did that. What do I do with that these are facts. It's happening all across your state all across the state. All across the planet.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's a sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is sad. But I don't give up. There's a way through it.
Lyndsey Lorett: But
Gwenevere Abriel: But you get to decide I'm either going to go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or we have some choice here and that's what I'm interested to know, do you want to see that there's another way to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, absolutely could go crazy for them.
Lyndsey Lorett: Do what
Gwenevere Abriel: You could go crazy for them plenty of people do what they do is they go nuts right
Lyndsey Lorett: Because they
Gwenevere Abriel: They start denying their own reality and a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Of things happen. They get kidney stones, they get ulcers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Substance abuse addiction, right. They now have process addiction during domestically violent relationships they start to write we act out. We can't stand it. We don't want to go crazy.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so what do we do, because we can't stand it is we try and numb ourselves. We want to get out of that feeling. And we escaped into drugs and alcohol and other process addictions.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how much you know about process addictions foods. One of them sex pornography sleeping working gambling. I mean, we can pretty much darn near overdo anything.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we don't want to have our reality denied. We don't want to go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have a choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or do I want to be assertive. So I want to go crazy or do I want to speak my truth in a loving sweet polite way to, I want to go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or can I speak my truth.
Lyndsey Lorett: Why does it have to be the one thing I struggle with.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the way life is, girl. That's what it does to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's the one thing you hate that's that's that's why life like it's our classroom, it messes with us like that. It's the very place that we need to grow that we fight. I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it. And there it is. The teacher again.
Lyndsey Lorett: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Could look at these in laws.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a teacher, what if you're learning this ability to assert yourself assert your truth communicate your truth. It's not conflict.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's fancy little ways we can wiggle around so that you're not igniting confrontation. Okay. That's little tricks we can do, but it's just the philosophy itself. We've got to start somewhere.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I don't want this is too bad. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do this, you can opt out of going crazy. And you can have this inner really beautiful self love defiance inside and not go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. Wouldn't that be nice. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe you. I believe you're seeing what you're seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe that this family in their grief response, maybe, resulting in some really odd hyper controlling behavior and I've never met them, but you've already told me grandma's controlling and guess what OCD is trying to control. So they cannot control the loss of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, man.
Lyndsey Lorett: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: They can't but they can do this.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I feel like if they just knew my heart is not to hurt them.
Lyndsey Lorett: And that I don't want anything bad for always or to take all the from them that they wouldn't be it wouldn't be like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: If your in laws new a healthy way to grieve, they would already be doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't know what to do. Are they good are they seeing professionals are they going to their minister, are they getting professional help.
Lyndsey Lorett: The old
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is what they're doing and you either keep denying it. Right. And I don't know, but I'm not there. But if our hypothesis is true.
Gwenevere Abriel: That this is going on. This is what they're going to do this ritual because it sounds like a bit of a ritual.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like to think this is their grief response, I wouldn't do it this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of their conspiring to take my son away from me. Look at the difference on how it feels inside. Now I don't know if either one or true, not true. How can I know I'm over here in Florida. Right.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has to do with how you feel about the meaning of it number I started and I said what meaning. Are you making out of it what meaning memory started there. So I'm back at that point trying to say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one do you want to think about more having compassion for these people as they work through their grief in a kind of an odd way it's bit mean mean spirited. I'm not your style, not how you would do it, and it does have an effect on you. It hurts. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rather than spinning around. And why would they conspire to try and take. Why would they continue. Why would they conspire to take my son. Look, this is not. Is this happening is it's not happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now instead, the whole thing, the whole ritual. The whole thing is just lumped into grief response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you don't have to think about anymore. It's already got a category. It's already got a label and until you come back and something, it really deviates from that label, well then you and I'll talk about it again. But for now, you don't have to overthink that that's an odd grief response.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so this is where me putting things in boxes helps
Lyndsey Lorett: In the box of ritual.
Lyndsey Lorett: Compassion.
Lyndsey Lorett: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I put a lock on that box.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't have to open it again. I hope it doesn't happen again. But
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like it's gonna happen every time you're
Smoking
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, but one of the critical pieces. So, I, I've noticed you've got a little giggle. Now it's a little tiny bit later, just a little later. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's nice to know you're not going insane, right.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That space that piece around
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm already grieving. I don't want to fight with these people that love that love Ali. I don't want to fight with them right that right it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in there.
You don't have to fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just, it. I don't know how you grow up and I'm probably going to learn where this disdain for conflict comes from. But just because we assert our preference.
Gwenevere Abriel: To not go insane for someone else, because we have a need because we have a want does not mean we have to stuff it down and not speak it doesn't mean we have to go crazy for other people. We have a right
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a right to our own preferences.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now watch this is this is the hard part.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have a right to do this odd grieving process. I know that seems just while like How dare I say that, but the freedom that will come when you accept
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't change them. This is what they're doing. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Bought you get to grieve, how you want to grieve. It doesn't look the same as the way they're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This requires radical acceptance radical acceptance that this family system that you're a visitor in was constructed long before you got there.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand it.
Lyndsey Lorett: At home.
I
Lyndsey Lorett: Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Have facts on their side. If it turns out that this this theory about them trying to take Ali, if that is the underlying motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: That all you have is some limitations.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I don't have any real reason that a judge would say, I'm going to take your time. I know that I know I'm a good mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course you do push you do. Okay, so it's about this confrontation. So let's just imagine because I got to see it in real time, right, because I pretended to be Lori and you just couldn't do it. She just danced around it and didn't just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm Lori. I can hear you talking through the cat. Is there something so little my smile.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just something that you want to ask me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, right now, that wasn't mean spirited, but it's calling out this odd behavior. And I asked, is there something you want to ask me, or is there something you want to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's it. Now, let that be just have a little silence with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't say to Lori a your real label label label, you're a turkey for your passive aggressive that's so cruel habituated that into any of that, what I did was I named that odd behavior by saying right
Gwenevere Abriel: I name it with my laugh.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He will see my shoulders.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
He Lori.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there something you want to ask me instead of cat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is there something you want to tell me instead of the cat. I'm not sure he understands English
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice now I have access to a lot of playfulness. I have sarcasm. I have a lot of humor sort of readily available with my personality doesn't mean that's available for everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just the idea that there's another way to identify this it's passive aggression that thing of talking through someone
Gwenevere Abriel: We name it and we say, Are you sure the cats, the best person to interpret those feelings, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We can make. But we name it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We, we call it out obviously talking to the cat like what's up.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, now that way. I just did that won't that won't work. Probably that would probably feel very confrontational right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that would work for some families when they're already punching physically punching each other. That would be nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Every family's got their own way and you know best, actually how to navigate that I won't know you will. So that's why I'm giving you concepts and you do the finesse. You get to decide how can I safely label this
Gwenevere Abriel: Call you know
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's worth it. The little thing with the cat that might not be worth your time and you're going to get up and you're going to be like, Oh, good grief. What it goes ball.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay that's passive aggression, maybe getting group, you can talk about it when passive aggression communication even like I've got a doozy. Listen to this one and then you
Gwenevere Abriel: Go girl. They're trying to make you crazy. Don't do it. Don't do it. Hang on to yourself and you can come in group and you can talk about it. If there's one this one with the video and we meet love and
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the one. This might be the one because look how far it pushed you
Lyndsey Lorett: It does. And then I feel like I the next day I go through the same thing.
Lyndsey Lorett: Like when I'm not high and I know what just happened wasn't right.
Lyndsey Lorett: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you call them out. Have you ever called them out.
Gwenevere Abriel: On other days when you weren't hot
Lyndsey Lorett: No, no, I don't call never caught them out on anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just know it in your mind and you're like, Okay, I'm not crazy. I know what I saw, I saw when I saw, I heard what I heard.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if it's chemical
Gwenevere Abriel: What if there's a chemical piece. What if marijuana does something chemically to that what normally is a really confident woman that knows herself knows her truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: But something chemically happens with that particular substance. It wouldn't surprise right that a paranoia is a pretty common like feature.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know I'm trying to say like a memory. Forget about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The pruning that happens there's actual facts. That's why I you know I don't want kids SMOKING WEED WHEN THEY'RE TEENAGERS because they're trying to learn new information their brains developing it has the same pruning effect as when
Gwenevere Abriel: You know I'm 80 years old. If you can't retain information. It proves it says why right and like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want people smoking weed when their kids because you're not a good learner and your little brains trying to grow. So it's not good. You're not gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to learn new things you'd be stuck as a 15 year old, but that's lecture for another day. But some, but the marijuana does have an effect on memory.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, clearly, something's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's all that's marijuana. We talked about communication. We talked about gaslighting passive aggression communication skills will we haven't talked about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trauma
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But how far do we have to analyze it to see that you have an 11 year old and have your deceased husband. Why would they keep putting that on
Gwenevere Abriel: Me asking why I can't believe I just did that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Good. Now you want to know like
Lyndsey Lorett: What's
Gwenevere Abriel: Something about that. But so the difference between me and that house. What do you think I would do.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think that you would you would be like y'all are no I think you would be loving and compassionate and say something is not right with this. You guys probably need to see a council.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I wouldn't. I wouldn't dare
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say, Okay, this is really weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could have sworn we literally like I'm smelling the meatloaf cooking and watching this video and I just heard you guys giggle and then cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did we just do this last Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Week. This watching this video makes me sad. I'm not ready to watch it. I'm going to go in the other room.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm here with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. See how I I named it
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't call anybody a name I
Gwenevere Abriel: Took myself and I left the room and I named it and I said, I'm not ready to watch this and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not comfortable. In fact, I'll let you know if I want to watch this video you guys keep playing it if you want to. I just, it just struck me, you guys appear to be putting it on pause for me somehow and then finishing it. I don't want to watch it. It makes me really sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love you guys love you guys so much, but I can't. It's such a heart. It's too hard for me. And I'm going to go take care of myself and I'm going to go pray or I'm going to meditate or I don't know what your self care routine is but
Gwenevere Abriel: That is one of his version of assertive what you might label confrontation.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're telling me, that that would have resulted in Lori doing one. What would she do to me in the family system that's there. What she said to me.
Lyndsey Lorett: So she has a tendency to just like blow off the handle with anger in her voice gets a lot louder and
Lyndsey Lorett: Her husband and drew like just cater like they just stop whatever they're doing and focus on her, but she tends to lock herself in the bedroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me let me understand this, what I just did, where I said I can't watch it and I think I was polite and I go exit and I go into another room, what would it what's happening outside the door.
Lyndsey Lorett: yelling and screaming
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then what
Lyndsey Lorett: People go to their rooms and I want to address the day
Gwenevere Abriel: And so what does that mean to you.
Lyndsey Lorett: It means that something I did cause this like bowling ball effect of upsetting people
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, no, no.
Lyndsey Lorett: yelling and screaming when I was in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because Lori.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't respect a boundary. That's why they're yelling and screaming
Gwenevere Abriel: Has nothing to do with you that has to do with individuals respecting and honoring that not everybody wants to eat a Dorito, sometimes people want to eat as a cheese it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sometimes I gotta have me some chocolate and other times I actually want those sour patches, like they make my cheeks hurt, but I want them. Okay, and you can't be trying to throw chocolate and you and I want the sour patch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, keep your chocolate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody has their preference and so fancy talk fancy talk is boundaries. Lori does not know how to handle when someone else's certs themselves.
Lyndsey Lorett: How to assert myself. So it's like the perfect combination of a
Gwenevere Abriel: perfect marriage of you guys just you sacrificing yourself and now she's snow.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we call bulldozing everyone so nomination.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you almost went crazy. Are you sure you want to do it again.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I don't want to do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is what a therapist might call a boundary issue and the self talk is this
Gwenevere Abriel: This a knee problem or a you problem. We don't say that out loud because I don't really piss people off.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you want to say to yourself. Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's actually no problem here. I just don't want to watch the video right there's so okay for her. It's not a me problem. I'm taking care
Gwenevere Abriel: They obviously want to watch this video and run this really odd ritual through. I don't want to be here. So I'm going to gracefully sweetly because I already know. I don't have to teach you how to talk
Gwenevere Abriel: You already have this really sweet way about you. It's about you paying attention that you have a preference and it's worth you going and taking care of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to watch a video you get up and you say, you guys are watching this video again it's make it. I just get so emotional. I'm going to go, go take take a nap. Please don't pause it, I noticed you guys paused it last time, enjoy it. I can tell it means so much to you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is anybody. How does that have anything i'm just i'm honoring the fact that it means a lot to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Um, but I'm going to take care of myself. They can exist at the same time, Lori.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what her story is
Gwenevere Abriel: But her having a little hissy fit. That's what people are going to remember that this poor dear doesn't know how to emotionally regulate but you with your graceful exit is taking care of yourself clearly grieving.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you did it in a really beautiful way, and you're going to go do it. And you're going to do it again and again and again and they're going to get used to it and all of that controlling weird thing is going to get directed to somebody else and off of you.
Lyndsey Lorett: But when it comes down to actually doing it, Glenn.
It for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think I probably told you this. And it's true on, you're going to know it in real time. It's the breath that gets you there.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Graph. It's the mindful breathing. It's the box breathing belly breathing diet dramatic reading whatever you want. As soon as and this is typically the sequence. So you're like, how in the moment, am I supposed to do that because you're reliving
Gwenevere Abriel: A fight confrontation loss if I fight. I'll lose love I'll lose this relationship. I'll lose the support it happens instantaneous. I get that. But there's something communicating to you right away. And this is where we got to tap into.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body registers something before all those words come up. It knows it. Now, I happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're good. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I happen to register.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here, I have these little. The doctor will tell you what they are. I keep forgetting them every time, but I know exactly they pinches if somebody's taking little needles.
Gwenevere Abriel: In here, if I have something that I wanted to say and couldn't when someone's judging or some I just have this weird I just look and feel this little pinch right here.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've spent a lot of time figuring that out. It used to be vague, I would get strep throat all the time. That would be on here. The like
Lyndsey Lorett: Wow. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a long time. And now I can feel it so sharp and I'm like, Okay. Something important really going on. And I brief.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Which means, then I'm in a relaxed body Brett blood goes back to the fancy parts of my brain, not just the reptilian part goes into fantasy parts that have all those cool things that you and I are talking about a role plays our little mantras of, is this me problem you problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: So boundary. Oh wait, what, oh, I have a right to my preference. Okay, Kevin. I don't know how to say it, I forgot how the heck did she say it.
I can be sweet.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, the sweet item. Sweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: comes naturally to me. Yeah, I can validate probably what why they're doing it for you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know how much that video means to you. It's just really hard for me to watch it. You guys go ahead and watch it tonight. I'm going to take a nap. I'll see you tomorrow and you walk out.
Gwenevere Abriel: The body will know before you come up with words.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll zap you. And so the our research is, where does it happen. Do you know where your body registers something's at stake.
Lyndsey Lorett: My stomach. Yep.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's the one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it duty. What does it feel like
Lyndsey Lorett: I feel like I'm gonna throw up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowledge of
Lyndsey Lorett: It. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you feel that nasza. What's the next thing you do.
Lyndsey Lorett: I cave and walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well that's what you've been
Lyndsey Lorett: Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your therapist wants you to do.
Lyndsey Lorett: My therapist would like me to calmly assert myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: No you skipped it up. Nope, even before that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, sweetly.
Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't I teach you belly breathing.
You did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Leave it or not. I'm telling you it's magic in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's no bad number I'm talking to you about the brain.
Lyndsey Lorett: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a philosophy we store information in this mushy thing inside our skull.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give we need some blood
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's covered in cortisol, you're not going to remember it unless you have a relaxed funny, you won't remember it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to do what you always did, you're going to respond with a threat response, you're not going to remember the sweet calm it, you're going to get locked in paralysis. You're just going to lock up
Gwenevere Abriel: The breath will give you memory.
Lyndsey Lorett: So do you think that in the moment I'm not breathing and so it's not registering in the head. No.
I think
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the way of course you're breathing, if you'd be dead right
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you're doing is you're breathing short and shallow
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not doing the diet for matic breathing. Now I taught you that right you into
Lyndsey Lorett: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So remember this other type of
Gwenevere Abriel: Reading these the air goes low. Hopefully it's not causing you pain, but look what it's doing. And the very thing that's upsetting you, is the stomach. It's the one sending the message you know what we're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: All that arrow is going to smash down on that. So making we're going to send that message up the Vegas nerve.
Lyndsey Lorett: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're okay. We're okay gotta send that message up to the brain and say we're okay. It's okay. Let's get some of that blood that's in our biceps and in our thighs, let's get it over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Other parts of our brains to the pole, the different parts of the brain stored knowledge on the left side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is communicating with the emotional intensity of the right side, the executive function in the frontal lobe is communicating. We can see the present moment. We can look into the future. All my gosh, the brain is of this amazing thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want everybody working together. I don't want to have to impulsively. I won't betray myself. I will not go crazy and in this moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can validate, I can validate this family, I can say you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: I know how much this video means to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm gonna let you watch it. I need to kind of pull away for a little while, but go ahead and run it all the way through. Don't wait for me enjoy your evening K. I'll see you guys later.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't remember that stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're in a stressed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you stay tense. Keep sending the message that response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that response.
Gwenevere Abriel: It may seem really silly that that a therapist who telling you to relax the body but
Gwenevere Abriel: It will work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if you can, because notice it took a few times freak kept saying no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel your body. That's the first step is you're going to feel the gut. Turn the gut knows because right that's where intuition lives. That's where
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just an amazing metaphor. So the gut turns gets gets its najah and the message to you something important to say we do the belly breathing and then you're going to remember all validate. I'll just speak sweet to the people around me, and then I'm going to take care of myself.
Lyndsey Lorett: I like that. I like that a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is that offensive. That's not offensive.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's not offensive now.
Lyndsey Lorett: And the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue. It's weird little antics and a lorry will have her tantrum. But that's not your problem to solve, and it certainly is touch your fault.
Lyndsey Lorett: Certainly it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course not.
Lyndsey Lorett: Of course not. Okay. So this morning when I was breaking down and I was texting you I went in my room to have a moment and I was crying and she came in.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I kind of just put some stuff out there like I feel like you guys have seen the show before, or the video and I you guys are really making me feel uncertain and I was crying and upset and
Lyndsey Lorett: So they know something's going on and they know that I'm talking to you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I can't teach everything, all in one session.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got, it's okay, I've got great ideas about what to do with something you just said they make you feel, and I feel like I can already tell in the language that you're using inside your mind. It's a sorry a setup.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's there's ways out of it. There's yeah there's ways out so
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm dedicated to this when
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I can tell. I love it.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me when you want to meet again because obviously this is very pressing on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you telling me you're not suicidal, you are suicidal or homicidal
Lyndsey Lorett: No no no i i don't
Lyndsey Lorett: Know,
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, no, I
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so now what do you have that you didn't have earlier today, you have
Lyndsey Lorett: A calm and relaxed body. Yes, you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you feel about yourself to be true that no one can take from you.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm a good mom. Of course you are. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I see, I see what I hear, I hear, but I feel, I feel what I touch I touch. No one can make you crazy.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: They get their own opinion, they can go as crazy as they want to around you, you
Lyndsey Lorett: Were in a pandemic stuffed in a house with this same people every day during the same things. I know I'm not the only one going crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, dude. So this quiet this this need for boundaries is very present with everyone on the planet right now we've got to set them over and over and over and over and we'll talk more about the importance of boundaries. We'll talk about communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are really lean really exacting ways to communicate that leave no room for question about what you're going through. You do not have to go crazy.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so I believe we are set up to me the 31st at all. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see. Um, I think more like the first. That's when
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What do you have
Lyndsey Lorett: I have the 31st.
Lyndsey Lorett: at 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I blew it. Then I really I don't have that at all though.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's happened I don't normally let those things happen, something went wrong. I did something wrong.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, but you're saying, April, because it's Wednesday is April 1
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and I have you, you're going to laugh at this, I have you two times. Not only do I not have it in the time you have, I have you twice on a day, which is impossible. I have you at seven in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I have you written down for 11 o'clock. And then I started thinking, what have I done I don't make these mistakes. Very often, but I sure did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, why do
Lyndsey Lorett: You just let me know. When is a good time for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to know if you are up that early. I would love to meet with you at seven in the morning on Wednesday.
Lyndsey Lorett: Seven in the morning. On Wednesday, I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a great start. You'll have the whole day to practice the little things that we play with
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you start your day started off. Now I want to tell you if you go through this kind of intense anxiety again. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to remember to do
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm going to make sure that my body is in a relaxed state. So I can decipher real and unreal reality and now reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's lots more to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you get that part done you'll be able to sort of hone in on. How's my body doing something's going on something important going on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you breathe and then you'll get in touch with. Well, how do I need to take care of this distress. What do I need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or what would I do if my baby was having a tummy ache. Mm hmm. Okay, well, what would I do for me. Okay, you keep it simple. Don't complicate it with all this interpersonal stuff you and I can work for laughs about it another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go basic okay
Gwenevere Abriel: It's turning feel nauseous. What do I do take care of myself. I go to take care of myself. There's nothing wrong.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, if it gets you're more than welcome. If you just need to touch touch base. I have a 7am group you're more than welcome to it. Feel free to just log in and go. I'll also be able to see you Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: at seven in the morning and then if it gets intense just text me I'll see if I can carve out time on Tuesday. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, but we have grouped together tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, they're already. See you tomorrow.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Okay.
Be good.
Lyndsey Lorett: Thank you.
Bye.